Spec 0004 community wording suggestions (#225)
scientific-python/specs: spec-0004/index.md

#### Process for Adding New Projects

> The admins are drawn from active members from the scientific Python community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site admins are drawn from active members from the scientific Python community.
```

Ideally, the collection of admins comprises a broad selection of community
members across different projects and underlying organizations.
This is to ensure community ownership of the wheel-hosting infrastructure and
adminstration governed by consensus, as opposed to unilateral
decision-making by any individual, project, or organization.
Adding new administrators requires at least an issue to be opened.

> After someone creates an issue on https://github.com/scientific-python/upload-nightly-action

Reviewer 2: from the review above
```suggestion
After a project creates an issue on https://github.com/scientific-python/upload-nightly-action
```

> requesting access to upload wheels a human/admin has to respond to that request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requesting access to upload wheels a admin has to respond to that request.
```

Reviewer: Whoops, I missed "After someone creates" -> "After a project creates"

We want to be open to projects uploading wheels but at the same time need to perform some

> amount of due dilligence before giving people access. This is because once a user is given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
amount of due dilligence before giving people access. This is because once a project is given
```

access their work will be broadcasted through the broad exposure of Scientific Python. This
could be abused to publish malicious packages.

> A project's chosen administrators should each create an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project's chosen representative should each create an
```

account on https://anaconda.org and share their usernames with the
project.

> To increase resilience, we suggest that each project have at least two administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase resilience, we suggest that each project have at least two registered
representatives.
```

Reviewer: Hmm "and share their usernames with the project" is unclear. What is the intent?

> You (as an admin) can then generate a personal access token at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The representative can then generate a personal access token at
```

Reviewer: A project's chosen representatives

> https://anaconda.org/[user]/settings/access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://anaconda.org/[user]/settings/access and use it in CI to upload
wheels.
```

#### Process for Adding New Projects

The admins are drawn from active members from the scientific Python community.
Ideally, the collection of admins comprises a broad selection of community
members across different projects and underlying organizations.
This is to ensure community ownership of the wheel-hosting infrastructure and
ensure that adminstration is governed by consensus, as opposed to unilateral
decision-making by any individual, project, or organization.

> Adding new people to the list of admins requires at least an issue to be opened.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adding new administrators requires at least an issue to be opened.
```

After someone creates an issue on https://github.com/scientific-python/upload-nightly-action
requesting access to upload wheels a human/admin has to respond to that request.

We want to be open to projects uploading wheels but at the same time need to perform some
amount of due dilligence before giving people access. This is because once a user is given
access their work will be broadcasted through the broad exposure of Scientific Python. This
could be abused to publish malicious packages.

> Once a project has chosen the person or persons who they wish to serve as
> adminstrators for the nightly wheels, those person(s) should create an
> account on https://anaconda.org and share the resulting usernames with the
> project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A project's chosen administrators should each create an
account on https://anaconda.org and share their usernames with the
project.
```

With the project, or with... the nightly wheel admins? And how?

> We suggest that each project have at least 2 representatives for redundancy and to
> ensure that the pool of administrators is sufficiently broad and representative
> of the underlying community.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps move this to before the previous paragraph?

```suggestion
To increase resilience, we suggest that each project have at least two administrators.
```

I think (a) any chosen representative is, err, representative of the underlying community. And I'm not sure what it would mean to choose two people broadly; unless it means not two people sitting in the same office, or working in the same company. We could be more explicit about that then:

```suggestion
To increase resilience, we suggest that each project have at least two administrators who are not physically co-located.
```

#### Process for Adding New Projects

The site admins are drawn from active members from the scientific Python community.
Ideally, the collection of admins comprises a broad selection of community
members across different projects and underlying organizations.
This is to ensure community ownership of the wheel-hosting infrastructure and
adminstration governed by consensus, as opposed to unilateral
decision-making by any individual, project, or organization.
Adding new administrators requires at least an issue to be opened.
After a project creates an issue on https://github.com/scientific-python/upload-nightly-action
requesting access to upload wheels a admin has to respond to that request.

We want to be open to projects uploading wheels but at the same time need to perform some
amount of due dilligence before giving people access. This is because once a project is given
access their work will be broadcasted through the broad exposure of Scientific Python. This
could be abused to publish malicious packages.

> A project's chosen representative should each create an

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A project's chosen representatives should each create an
```

account on https://anaconda.org and share their usernames with the

> project.

Reviewer: Thanks. This bit remains unclear: with whom are the representatives supposed to share their usernames?

Reviewer 4: We could create a private mailing list for just this purpose. It suspect this process won't be used more than a few times over the next few years, so maybe a mailing list is overkill. We could also just close the list to new projects until we get more space and sort out how to handle communications. @mattip What would you prefer?

Reviewer: I don't think the SPEC needs to dive into the mechanism. My comment is about the last word "project" in the text. Should it be changed to "site admins"? Or is it something else?

Reviewer 3: I had the same question. I think site admins or similar is correct.

After someone creates an issue on https://github.com/scientific-python/upload-nightly-action

> requesting access to upload wheels a human/admin has to respond to that request.

Reviewer 5: Maybe we should move this after the next paragraph. This part is linked to the project, not the org itself.

access their work will be broadcasted through the broad exposure of Scientific Python. This
could be abused to publish malicious packages.

A project's chosen representatives should each create an
account on https://anaconda.org and share their usernames with the

> project.

Reviewer: I think this is the intention?
```suggestion
site admins.
```

Author: I actually read it differently: i.e. it is recommended that the representatives share the account names with the projects so that other members of the project are aware of the account(s) for uploading wheels.

Obviously it's still not very clear :upside_down_face:

Reviewer: I would prefer that the manner and methods in which projects internally share information remain outside the scope of this SPEC. If indeed that is the authors' intent, then I would propose removing the "share their username" clause.

Reviewer 5: So this is what I wanted to say.
```suggestion
admins of the Scientific Python organization on Anaconda.
```

For sharing the info within your own project, this is your call on how you administrate things. Here we just need to know who to give access to.
